fix: adding a check if the proxy is trusted prior to using a cert header (#37465)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-26_2_0.adoc

If you are using a custom transport stack, this default behavior can be disabled by setting the option `cache-embedded-mtls-enabled` to `false`.

For more information, check the link:https://www.keycloak.org/server/caching#_securing_transport_stacks[Securing Transport Stacks] in the distributed caches guide.

= `proxy-trusted-addresses` enforced for built-in X509 client certificate lookup providers

> Built-in X509 client certificate lookup providers will only be able to use request header values when `proxy-trusted-addresses` is unset, or the proxy is trusted. 

Reviewer: Maybe we can slightly rephrase?
```suggestion
Built-in X.509 client certificate lookup providers now reflect the `proxy-trusted-addresses` config option. A certificate provided through the HTTP headers will now be processed only if the proxy is trusted, or `proxy-trusted-addresses` is unset.
```
